I was having an affair with David Wilson
when Carter and Taylor
were a year old.
This is the lie
that is going to destroy us.
You tell her now
she might forgive you.
She won't.
I can't even begin to
understand any of this.
I should have told you years ago.
I guess thirteen years of Carter's life
wasn't enough for Lori.
She had to take you
and Taylor from me, too.
Your father
and I are separating.
Seems like mom and I are dumping
all our problems on you.
I'm gonna do everything
I can to work this out.
My grandparents' party
is tonight.
- What about Taylor?
- You love her.
You two are so good together.
Nothing's changed.
You still let that
guy back into your life.
I need to take a step back.
You made an offer yesterday.
- Something about a job opportunity.
- Come on.
- Why did you come here?
- I won't come back.
I can't think about this.
(Phone buzzing) It's Lori?
You need to leave
my family alone now.
Where does it all go?
The gluten they're
taking out of all this food.
I mean, it's got to go
somewhere, right?
It's like they're
stored in a cave,
in Nevada or something
like that.
One of these days, they're gonna
realize it's good for you again.
Someone's gonna bank
some serious green
selling all that gluten
back to everybody.
I hear that.
Carter!
Why aren't you guys
in the Sanctuary?
We needed mixers.
What can I make for you?
Um...
I don't know.
- House special.
- Good.
Because we are running
low on everything.
Is that Max's t-shirt?
Yeah.
It looks good on me, right.
Yeah, where'd you get it?
He gave it to me.
Okay, fine, I took it.
It was payment for letting
him crash last night.
- Is it party time already?
- Hey.
(Gabe) Max.
Hey.
I've been trying to call you
like a million times.
Sorry, I've been
busy at the new job.
Working for Crash's
uncle at the body shop.
Max, your beverage.
Mm-hmm.
(Bird) There you go.
Hey, you.
Hey.
What's up?
Oh, just living the fascinating
life of a reformed criminal.
Well, um...
Thanks for looking after Max.
Yeah, of course.
Everybody back together.
Just like old times.
To old times.
- To old times.
- Old times.
And to moving on.
(Sirens approaching)
(Tires screeching)
Please tell me those are not
cops in your driveway.
That's not the cops
in your driveway.
Thank God.
It's the FBI.
The FBI?
That doesn't make it any better.
Bird, what's going on?
(Man over megaphone)
Everyone inside.
- Bird?
- Exit the premises.
Everybody out, now!
- Bird, we're not leaving you.
- Yes, you are.
- Go.
- Bird, I'm gonna stay.
I said everyone!
Yeah, we don't even
know what this is about.
Yeah, and I'm sure you don't
want to stay and find out.
Everything is fine. (Exhaling)
- Carter, I said leave.
- No, I'm not going.
- I can handle it.
- Bird, you don't
have to be so brave all the time.
It's okay to be scared.
Yeah, now isn't the time
to be discussing
my emotional defense mechanisms.
Okay, fine, whatever,
I'm not leaving.
(Footsteps approaching)
(FBI radio chatter)
(Knocking)
♪ There you go ♪
♪ There you stay ♪
♪ Keeping low ♪
♪ Never want to play ♪
♪ You've been
up and down, down ♪
♪ You've been low, low, low ♪
♪ Pretending to not feel alone ♪
♪ Pretending to not
feel alone ♪
♪
Synced and corrected by biamussolin
www.adicc7ed.com.
Mass mortgage fraud, really?
That's so not even a thing.
Bird, where are your parents?
They don't keep track of me,
I don't keep track of them.
Why is nobody answering?
Who are you calling?
Who do you think?
My "in case of emergency"
contacts.
My parents' lawyers.
You know, I thought it was odd
when my parents packed up
and left as quickly as they did.
Then again, my parents
are odd people.
I just have a hard time
believing they would knowingly
leave me to face the FBI.
Wait, you don't think they would
clear out the Sanctuary, do you?
They're the FBI, I'm pretty sure
they can do whatever they want.
(Woman) Still no answer, would
you like to leave a message?
Screw this! No!
I don't want to leave a message!
I'm gonna raise some serious
hell when this is over.
♪ Oh ♪
♪ You're stuck
inside my heart... ♪
Hey.
What are you still doing here?
I was just waiting around to
make sure everything's okay.
Oh.
Thanks.
So is it okay?
The FBI is after Bird's parents
and everything they own.
She just got in touch
with their lawyers,
so I don't know, it may be okay.
What about you.
Me?
Well, I'd be lying if I said
that flashing lights
and swarms
of law enforcement officers
didn't bring back some
not-so-fun memories.
Well, if you need anything...
Like what, exactly?
I'm here for you.
Bye, Crash.
(Door opening)
(Door closing)
(Engine starting)
They're both really funny to
watch fall down the stairs.
That's terrible.
I know. (Chuckling)
(Door closing)
Oh, company.
Carter, this is Hillary.
Hi.
You're Carter. Cool.
And you're Hillary.
Oh, I'm your dad's
teaching assistant.
She's dropping off
tomorrow's assignment.
Yeah, a T.A.'S work
is never done.
And she's funny, too.
At least dad seems to think so.
Really?
What?
Maybe you should
go to your room.
No problem.
(Footsteps fading)
Everything okay?
Um...
Yeah, there was some
excitement at Bird's,
but everything's fine.
You sure?
Yeah. Yeah.
I think I'm gonna go to my room.
It was nice to meet you.
(Footsteps fading)
##
Wow.
Grant hates Hillary.
Yeah, well, it's obvious to him
that she's just worming
her way into our lives.
You mean dad's life?
Same difference.
Tay.
Mom and dad are just
taking a break, okay?
They're not opening up
their relationship to...
Clichês?
Yeah, exactly.
How was Bird's?
Oh, God, you don't want to know.
What?
Well, there was an FBI raid,
so there's that.
I always miss
the exciting stuff.
Yeah, well, I'll spare you
all the details.
I'm sure they'll be all anyone is
talking about tomorrow at school.
Her parents?
Yeah.
I always thought they were
shady, but I just never thought
they were, you know,
FBI raid shady.
Well, how is Bird. Is she okay?
You know Bird.
Even if she wasn't,
she'd never tell anyone.
But Max is staying with her,
so at least she's not alone.
At... at Bird's?
Mm-hmm.
Apparently, it's just temporary.
Did she...
She ask him to stay there?
I'm not sure.
Was it his idea?
I don't know, Tay.
You don't think that
they're... together. Do you?
No, of course not.
Good news, he's staying in town.
Got a job.
Where?
I don't know, some garage
somewhere with Crash's uncle.
Crash's uncle.
Mm-hmm.
Crash works there, too.
(Phone buzzing)
(Key beeps)
Hello?
Yeah, this is Carter.
Yeah, I can...
Yeah, I can meet you there.
Okay.
All right, bye.
(Phone beeps)
That was Lori's ex from,
like, seven years ago.
He wants to meet me
for coffee tomorrow morning.
(Crowd chatter, plates clanking)
There you are.
- Hey.
Sit, sit, please.
Thanks.
- Hi.
- Hey.
You remember me at all?
Yeah, I remember you.
I remember that rose
tattoo on your neck.
Yeah.
Got a bit more ink since then.
So what did you want
to talk about?
Lori gave me your
contact information.
I hope it's okay
that I called you.
Yeah, it's fine.
There are some things that we
should discuss, hmm?
Oh, hey, good.
I didn't miss you.
How are you?
Where's Carter?
She went to get
coffee with someone.
Who?
Someone, I don't know.
We ran out of bread.
Yeah, and... and juice.
That's what the list
on the fridge is for,
things we need.
Wait, we're supposed
to use that?
Hey.
I didn't know you
were still here.
Yeah, my... my morning
got off to a slow start.
I was up late grading papers.
Among other things.
What things?
Hillary came by.
We talked shop.
Oh.
What?
Nothing.
I didn't say anything.
We have a question.
How long is this separation
thing gonna last?
Your mom and I really hav...
We still have some things
that we need to work through.
We need a little time
to let things breathe.
Settle down, you know?
So basically, you have no idea.
You know what I think we need?
A calendar to let you
know which one of us
is going to stay
at the house and when,
- that kind of thing.
- (David) Excellent idea.
A calendar.
Wow.
So helpful.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Thank you.
Okay, so you want to get
the stuff on the list
or do you want to make
up the schedule?
I'll get the groceries.
Did you mean what you said
about us working things out?
Yeah, yes.
I did.
Mood stabilizers?
She'd been on 'em a while
when I met her.
She went off her meds a couple
times when we were together.
She'd get paranoid, depressed.
She'd tell me that she
didn't want to see me again
and three days later, she'd show up
at my doorstep ready to elope.
(Laughs)
Wow.
That sounds rough.
Yeah. It's fine.
She's the one you
should feel bad for.
Right.
You're still upset with her.
That would be a bit of an
understatement, yes.
I... I get it.
Trust me, I get it.
It's like she turned
into this other person.
Like everything I remember
about her, just...
I don't know.
It wasn't real.
She was off her meds
'cause she was on the run.
In my understanding,
she didn't take her meds
the first time she did it, either.
Why are you telling me
all of this, Allan?
Lori, needs your help.
She's been declared mentally
competent by the state.
When she goes away,
she's gonna go away
for a very long time.
Trust me.
Prison is no place
for somebody who is...
- Crazy?
- Yeah. Crazy.
She needs proper care.
She needs to be
in a mental hospital
where they can monitor her.
Ugh, this is so messed up.
I don't even remember her having
crazy mood swings like that.
All I remember
is how good she was to me,
and how normal she was.
What is it you want me to do?
She needs an expert witness.
Someone who could
testify to the state
that Lori's off her rocker.
Look, I don't
want her to suffer.
But why me?
You're her daughter.
She begged me
to come here today.
(Clanking)
Something I love is a man
who cleans up after himself.
Yeah, I'm not
cleaning up after myself.
I'm cleaning up
after everyone else.
I was just checking in to see
how you kids are holding up
with this nesting arrangement
your parents have going.
It's going.
- Oh, yeah?
- The whole thing is idiotic.
I mean, two people either want
to be together or they don't,
and all this, you know,
we're taking a break,
working things out talk is bull.
All right, I just want to know
who the last person was
to put their dirty
dishes in here.
I mean, seriously,
how hard is it to look
at this and just go,
"oh, the dishwasher's full,
maybe I should start it up."
They're a bunch
of losers, just...
(Slamming door, dishes clanking)
(Crowd chatter)
Hey.
Can you come over here
for a minute?
How are you doing?
I didn't sleep well knowing they
could bust into the Sanctuary
at any moment just like
they did at my parents' house.
You know, you can always stay
at mine if they did, okay?
My parents should
be home any day.
Did you talk to them?
Do you promise you
won't say anything?
What?
Some files they had me
store in the Sanctuary.
Well, they want me to destroy
them before they come home.
I'm pretty sure it's evidence
and I'm pretty sure
I can be in a lot of trouble
if I tamper with it.
Yeah, but I mean,
what happens to your parents
if you don't do it?
So, I don't really have
a choice, do I?
Thanks, mom and dad.
What happened?
Lori needs my help.
Okay, what kind of help?
Legal stuff.
She needs someone to testify
that she's mentally unstable,
which I don't...
I don't even know
how I feel about.
Well, there's one
thing we can do
that can make us
both feel better.
- What?
- The way I see it,
if the FBI is gonna
confiscate my parents'
house and everything in it,
we may as well help
them redecorate.
##
(Ofe) Order's up.
Half a dozen
little study buddies.
(Lid popping, pills rattling)
You are the man.
Oh, hey.
Hey.
Hear about Bird's party
tomorrow night?
Didn't the FBI seize
her parents' house?
Thus the party.
That sounds like a great idea.
I think I'll pass.
Come on, is this about Max?
What about him?
'Cause he's staying over there
and you don't want to see him.
Well, he's also
working with Crash,
another person I don't
want to see.
Well, in any case,
everyone's gonna be there
if you change your mind.
Maybe I will.
I'll swing by
and give you a ride.
Cool.
Hey.
It's me.
Yeah, I did it.
I'm pretty sure you're
gonna be hearing from her.
And Lori.
Remember.
You owe me.
I'll be in touch.
# #
(Knocking)
Hey.
Someone's up early.
Um.
I wanted to talk to you
about something.
- Okay. Shoot.
- (Door closes)
##
Okay, before I say anything,
I want you to know that
I'm not even sure
how I feel about this.
Mm-hmm.
It's Lori.
Okay.
What's going on?
She's not well.
Mentally, I mean.
Well, Carter,
that's not exactly surprising.
Right, but according to state,
she's competent to stand trial
and maybe go to prison.
And you don't agree with that?
I don't know if I agree or not.
But mom...
If there's actually
something wrong with her,
then she deserves to go to
a mental hospital,
not some prison somewhere where
who knows what
could happen to her.
Baby, I'm sorry,
but I can't help but think
this is Lori's issue.
What does it have
to do with you?
She wants me to help her get
a private mental evaluation.
You've been in contact with her?
No.
One of her ex-boyfriends
got in contact with me.
I used to know him
when I was younger.
Anyway, I found this woman who
can help, but she costs, like,
$2,000, which I don't exactly...
No, Carter, please.
Do not get sucked back
into Lori's issues.
Okay, I know what this
sounds like, all right?
Do you?
Because it sounds like you're
being manipulated by her
and you're feeding
right into it.
Carter, are you really willing
to let Lori back into our lives
after everything
that she put us through?
Because I'm not.
I'm not gonna let it happen.
Okay, look.
I'm very aware of the fact that,
yeah, this might just be another
lie that I'm being fed.
But mom...
What if this isn't a lie?
And Lori is actually sick
and I just sat back and didn't
do anything to help her?
I don't know if
I could live with that.
You've got to hear me
when I tell you this.
There's a system in place to
help people like Lori.
So people like you and me,
we can move on with our lives.
You've got to trust that.
♪ Do right ♪
♪ Do right, do right ♪
♪
Oh, that's my friend Pat, hi!
Hi.
Grant, this
is my friend Patricia.
This is my grandson, Grant.
Hello, Grant.
Lovely to meet you.
Would you two care to join me?
We would love to.
(Crowd chatter, plates clanking)
So, Grant, your grandmother
tells me that there have been
some pretty big changes
going on over at your house.
Mom and dad moving out.
Sister's finding out
some pretty big news
about their biological mother.
I guess so.
You know, Grant, sometimes
it's good for you to just...
Say what you're
feeling right out loud.
Are you, like,
a shrink or something?
You know, honey, I was worried.
With so many things
going on at the house,
I was afraid you
might be feeling
like you were slipping
through the cracks.
A little late for that,
don't you think?
Not really.
Well, I just don't
appreciate being lied to,
not that I'm not used
to it at this point.
Can we order now?
(Tool whirring)
##
Hey.
What's up?
I was just wondering if there
was any way your uncle
might need an extra
employee around here.
Uh...
I don't think so.
Really?
I can do anything, like,
file, clean,
run errands, whatever.
What's going on?
Lori needs an expert witness
to testify that
she's mentally unstable
so that instead of going
to prison,
she'll be put
in a mental institution.
Said expert witness costs
$2,000, which I do not have.
Therefore, I need a job.
When did Lori come
back into the picture?
Look, there are some things that
I found out about recently,
things that I didn't know before
that are making me reconsider
just how fair it would be
to let them throw her in prison.
So you're looking for
an excuse to forgive her.
No, that's not what this is.
Anyway, you're one to talk.
I never did anything to you
that you weren't a part of.
The same can't be
said for that woman.
Great.
Okay.
Well, you said if
I ever needed anything
that I should come to you.
I guess not.
Thanks anyway.
##
(Crowd chatter)
This is what I was looking for.
I'll be right back.
Okay.
♪ Hey ♪
♪ You ravished my heart ♪
♪ When you left I hu... ♪
Taylor.
Hey.
Hi. Hey.
I was wondering if you'd come.
What, do you live here now?
No, Bird is just letting me stay
here for a couple nights.
And after that?
There you are, Max, love.
Your big, manly muscles
are needed across the yard.
- Hey, Tay.
- Hi.
(Max laughing) No.
♪ I've been dreaming ♪
♪ About you ♪
♪
(Door opening)
Hey, where have you been?
Where have we been?
Let's see. We went to lunch.
We ran some errands
and then Buddy made us dinner.
Basically, grandma
took me to a shrink.
Excuse me?
My friend Patricia
joined us for lunch
and yes, she's a psychiatrist,
but it was perfectly
innocent, I assure you.
Mom, nothing with you
is innocent.
Okay, maybe that part
was a little calculated,
but do you know, Grant has not
been himself lately,
and with everything that's been
going on around here,
don't hate me because
I'm a little concerned.
Again.
I'm right here, I can hear you.
Yes, you are absolutely right.
Go.
Mom.
This is  not okay.
You are overstepping,
and by the way, Grant is fine.
You know, I didn't
expect a thank you,
but I would have liked a little
bit more than just total denial.
I am not in denial.
Oh, really?
That boy needs
someone to talk to.
And some daughters
would be grateful
to have a mother
who was so observant...
- Mom.
- Ugh, all right, I'll go.
You don't have to ask me twice.
(Knocking)
- Hey.
- Oh!
Look who's here.
Another one of your
wonderful life choices.
Wow. Bad time?
Well, there's always something.
What's up?
You left the Bartlett file
on your desk,
so I thought you might need it.
Thank you.
I'm a little scattered.
A lot going on.
You want to talk about it?
Not right now.
But I'll see you tomorrow.
All right.
I...
Good night.
I don't... I can't.
- David and I...
- I get it, I get it.
I miss you, Liz.
##
(Chanting)
Drink, drink, drink...
(Cheering)
I'm sorry, if I had any,
I'd give it to you, really.
He's generous that way.
But I'm low.
Somebody swiped his stash.
(Ofe) Sorry.
Let me grab you a beer, though.
Oh, there she is.
Hey.
I thought you'd
blown this joint.
Are you kidding?
The party's just starting.
That's my girl.
(Laughing)
How many of these have you had?
How many have you had?
I had a few.
What?
You don't seem a bit drunk.
I'm working on building
up my tolerance.
Always the overachiever.
I think I need another one.
##
(Crowd chatter)
Hey.
Well, this is new.
Bird Castro, the wallflower.
Please sit.
Veg with me.
Okay.
I'm sorry you're
going through all of this.
You know, it's just
that we're the kids,
the one's who are supposed
to be getting into trouble
and causing problems.
And yet, we're the ones
doing all the adult stuff
while our parents
are out there being
irresponsible and reckless.
Yeah, I'm starting to think
it might be nice
if all I had to worry about was
prom and whether or not
I'm gonna look like a dork
in my yearbook photo,
rather than constantly
feeling like
I have to hold
my family together.
To... adulting.
To adulting.
(Cups clacking)
So does this mean
you figured out
what to do with those files?
Yeah, I did.
But I didn't do it to save them.
I did it to save myself.
Oh, Bird, come here.
Okay.
If I'm gonna ruin my mascara,
this is not the way
I'm gonna do it.
Do you know what time it is?
No.
It's hot tub time.
(Crowd chatter)
(Bird) Ooh!
Easy, easy, Bird, come on.
- (Ofe) Whoa, Tay.
- Come on.
♪ Lights out stargazer ♪
(Ofe) What are we doing?
♪ Living is up, up, up ♪
♪ We're living it up, up, up ♪
♪ Up, up, up, up... ♪
Taylor, I don't know.
Are you... are you sure you...
♪ We're living it up, up, up ♪
♪ We're living it up,
up, up, up-up ♪
♪
##
(Crowd chatter)
What's that?
Just a little something for you.
Okay.
Crash.
There should be enough there.
I can't accept this.
Yeah, you can.
Because you are that girl.
The girl that
gives people second,
third and my case,
fourth chances.
I don't know what's
going on with Lori, but...
I know I like the girl who cares
for the people she loves.
The world needs
more people like her.
Crash, where did
you even get this...
Don't worry.
I was saving it for a rainy day.
So take it.
I won't let you say no.
# #
Hey, buddy, what's up?
I need to know something.
Okay.
I want to know why you and mom
said you were working on things
when you're hanging out
with Hillary and I saw mom
kissing Kyle last night.
What?
Yeah.
I'm sure there's
a reasonable explanation
for whatever it is you saw.
For the record,
I don't care if you guys
stay together or break up,
it's your choice.
But I just don't like
the mixed messages,
and with everything
we've all been through,
I just don't think
it's a lot asking
for my parents to be
straight with me.
Yeah, no, that's...
Completely understandable.
I appreciate you saying so.
That's it? That's all you got?
Well, I don't know exactly
what else to say, son.
Figures.
(Door sliding, closing)
##
Oh, my Gosh.
It's so good to see you, baby.
Um, oh. I...
I'm sorry, I must look awful.
It's kind of hard to keep it
together in here.
Um, this is Sophia Sing.
She's a psychiatrist.
She's gonna help you.
Yes, of course.
Nice to meet you.
Shall we get started?
(Door opening)
It's safe to show my face?
It's dad's day to nest,
don't worry.
How are you feeling?
Why, you want to take me
to another head shrinker?
Well...
Pat would like to see you
again if you're up for that.
- Yeah, but mom says...
- I know what mom said.
But she doesn't have to know.
So you want me to talk
and then you don't
want me to talk.
I mean,
what am I supposed to do?
Okay, um...
I'm just trying to look out
for you, that's all.
It... it's your choice.
Yeah, well, I tried
to talk with dad today,
but that was pretty pointless.
That didn't make you
feel any better?
Okay. I'll... I'll do it.
I'll see your friend again.
Okay.
(Sophia)
According to the warden,
you've requested
sleep aids multiple times.
It's not easy to get
any rest in here.
Do you have a doctor
I can contact
to verify your prescriptions?
There's been a lot of doctors
and I've used a lot of aliases
over the last few years,
so I really can't remember
who to even refer you to.
Well, who was your
most recent physician?
I was really hoping
you would come today.
I have missed you so much.
Miss Stevens, I really need you to stay
focused on our work here if you can.
You know, how many more questions
do you need me to answer?
We've been talking
almost an hour.
You have your money,
can't you just sign
whatever you need to sign
and be on your way?
Miss Stevens,
it doesn't work like that.
- I have to verify...
- That I'm crazy?
- Yeah.
- I know you do.
What more do you want me to say?
Want me to start
screaming and pulling
out my hair?
Want me to threaten to kill
myself? 'Cause I can do that.
I think about it
every time I think about
never seeing my daughter again.
Mom, calm down.
You called me mom.
I never thought I'd hear
you call me that again.
Miss Stevens.
I don't want to talk
to you anymore.
Carter.
You know I'm not crazy.
This was the only way.
If I go to prison,
I will hardly ever see you,
but if I go to a hospital,
you can come visit me
whenever you want.
Miss Stevens, I really
must insist that you focus,
or I will have to ask Carter
to leave the room.
Carter, just tell
me you forgive me.
Please.
Just tell me everything will be
back the way it was before,
'cause when I get out of here...
Stop.
You really don't understand
what you've done, do you?
You're not getting out of here.
And even if you were...
Things would never
be the same between us.
Don't say that. Don't say that.
Don't... don't, please.
No, I'm...
Things will go back to
the way they were
eventually, it has to.
- Carter, I need you to leave.
- No, you leave!
Carter.
No, Carter, please. Please.
You know...
When Allan came to me
and told me that
you needed my help,
I did wonder whether
or not it was genuine,
or whether this
was just another way
for you to manipulate me.
But I decided to give you
the benefit of the doubt
again and do this for you.
And now that I've
come here today
and I've seen you,
I am so glad that I did.
Because Lori,
you are ill,
whether you realize it or not.
And I'm sorry for you.
I really, really am.
No, Carter! Carter, no!
Carter!
(Doorbell ringing)
Hi.
Class assignments for tomorrow.
Oh, excellent.
And I was thinking,
if you're not busy,
maybe we could go grab a beer?
Talk over the new syllabus?
You're probably busy.
Maybe another time.
I... actually...
Yeah?
I was thinking earlier,
it would be nice to go out
and there's a new little bar
around the corner.
I happen to love little bars
♪ But the bleeding heart
I left on the shelf ♪
♪ Starts beating now ♪
♪ Beating half to death ♪
♪ Because you're here
and you're all mine ♪
♪ So I pressed my lips
down to your neck ♪
♪ And I stayed there... ♪
Well...
It worked.
She's gonna get help.
♪ Scared of the hope
in my head ♪
♪ It's been making me sweat ♪
♪ But it turns out ♪
♪ You here with your
head on my chest ♪
♪ I should have guessed ♪
(Phone vibrating)
♪ The world will turn
and we'll both... ♪
Hello?
Hey, party monster.
You doing all right?
Little tired.
Juice.
Drink lots of juice.
Noted.
I, um...
About last night.
What happened in the closet?
That was fun.
Yeah. It was.
And... and I just wanted to say
that if I didn't seem like.
Don Juan or something, um...
Well, when I...
When I like someone,
I'm always a little
more hesitant.
Hesitant?
Nervous.
Oh.
Did I seem nervous?
Maybe a little.
Well, that's 'cause, um...
- What?
- Uh...
Let's do it again, is all.
If you and Max are, um...
Max and I are done.
Okay.
Good. Cool.
Well, I'll let you get...
I'll let you get
back to it, Tay.
Bye, Ofe. (Phone clicks)
Bye.
♪ And the world will turn ♪
♪ And we'll grow ♪
♪ We learn how to be ♪
Are you ok?
Good.
What?
You sure?
No.
Synced and corrected by biamussolin
www.adicc7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org